recently I stopped wearing my Apple
watch it became quite the inconvenience
having to charge it every night and then
remember to put it on every morning for
swirl problems so I've been looking at
some Alternatives and one was this the
Eevee ring a smart ring that was
designed specifically with Women's
Health in mind Better Health starts here
I guess we'll find out soon if that's
really the case we've got this cute
little charging case and then
underneath a manual and a charging case
cable I want to throw it so bad but I
hit the TV every
time first to knowe the ring comes with
the charging case that's portable this
is awesome if you travel frequently or
on the go often and it holds up to 10
charges so when your ring does
eventually die after four plus days all
you need is the case and then we have
this cute little charging cable which is
USBC I guess USBC has become the like
universal cable for most things I don't
need this because the case is already
charged there we go I went for the gold
ring option but Eevee also offers a rose
gold and a silver option and the first
thing I'd like to point out specifically
about the design is that unlike its
competitors it has this sort of open Gap
design which allows it to adapt to
everchanging bodies so if your body
swells throughout the month or if you
are going through a pregnancy you don't
have have to worry about your ring
becoming uncomfortable because it will
adjust to you as somebody who wears
Rings frequently in fact I go to sleep
with my rings on so I don't have to
remember to put them back on in the
morning I find this design quite
comfortable it's a bit thicker obviously
between all of the tiny dainty rings
that I have but I didn't find it
bothered me very much especially
sleeping with it on throughout the night
and exercising throughout the day it's
also quite light let's weigh it and see
how light it really is I hate this scale
so much the tape over his eyes is just
like
cursed
0.008 lb 3 G that's pretty light you you
said you have an aura ring to compare
right wow honestly feeling them side by
side this one is pretty light
too Three G they're the same uh Z
zirconium Amorphis alloy based titanium
zirconium based amorphous alloy
titanium the outer Metal Coating is made
of liquid metal which is a zirconium
based amorphous alloy with a titanium
PVD coating based on my experience
wearing this for the past 5 days it's
already scuffed so that's not a great
sign but I can't expect something that
is being being worn on my hands
constantly to stay 100% scuff and
scratch resistant it's just a little
disappointing and then in comparison to
the aura ring it also has experienced
some some scuffing so I would say this
is something that is just to be expected
over the weekend I found myself doing
lots of chores and washing the dishes
and it was super convenient that I
didn't need to remove my ring in order
to continue doing the tasks that I
wanted to throughout my day uh you can
also wear it in the shower or if you
wanted to go swimming I prefer to take
it off when I'm in the shower because
this little Gap actually tends to catch
my hair which isn't a very comfortable
feeling so that's the only time I found
that I needed to remove my ring in order
to do a daily task now it's time to get
it set up with the app but first let me
set you up with our sponsor thanks to
vessie for sponsoring today's video
vessie claims their shoes are extremely
waterproof and keep your feet cool in
the summer and warm in the winter their
stormburst high top shoes combine the
comfort of a sneaker with the grip and
coverage of an outdoor boot vessie has
added extra layering for added warmth as
well as extra grip to prevent you from
slipping and sliding in unfavorable
weather conditions the storm bursts are
feature packed and will make great gifts
winter spring summer or fall check out
the vessie stormburst and get 15% off
your first purchase at short circuit.com
vessie short circuit.com SL vessie
bessie. comom shortcircuit the first
issue I ran into with my experience with
the Eevee ring is that when I went to
download the app on my phone it wasn't
available after doing a little bit of
research I found that the app was
actually only available in the US and to
make the matter worse it's only
available on iOS but it doesn't connect
with your Apple health account why so
after Belle set me up with a burner
phone I was able to continue my
experience with the eveve ring so since
I've been using this for a few days I've
already signed up with the app but the
process was super simple and
straightforward I would even consider it
foolproof essentially you just needed to
input your name your birthday your
height your weight whether or not you
want to track your cycle and how you
identify after I completed the sign up
process it prompt me to choose three
goals out of five different options I
chose improving my sleep tracking my
moods and doing more active minutes the
other two options were tracking my
cycles and uh improving my heart health
so as you can see here it shows my sleep
which we can go into and it will show
the amount of time that I've slept each
night one of my gripes with this was
that I didn't find that the sleep
tracking was very accurate for starters
the time that I went to bed and the time
that I woke up were not accurate to the
actual times that I went to sleep and
woke up this one says 12:08 but I
actually went went to bed around 11:00
and my morning did not start at 7:01 it
started closer to 7:30 or 7:45 I also
woke up frequently throughout the night
and it doesn't show any activity for me
waking up which leads me to believe that
this is a little less accurate than I
would have hoped especially when the
entire goal is to be more cognizant of
my sleep schedule the other things to
know in the Sleep section of the app is
that it also tracks your sleep vitals so
let's go to my sleep last night and it
shows my R variability average which was
43 milliseconds as well as my blood
oxygen level which is 100% I will get
into how I feel about the blood oxygen
uh measuring system in a second as well
as my respiration rate which is about 15
RPM and my skin temperature
average I do appreciate that the app
shows a description for each sleep stage
but it doesn't give you a descriptor for
each metric I think that would be
something that would be super beneficial
for the app because as a normal user I'm
not sure what this is supposed to
indicate to me active minutes this is
another one where I found I had
inconsistent readings so if I go to the
active minutes portion of the app I can
see what my day looks like my week looks
like and my month looks like and I'm
going to point out specifically on my
Saturday the EV app allows you to start
activities so that it can track it
consistently but if you don't start
activities it will make assumptions
based on your movement and I have not
found that to be very accurate for
example I didn't start an activity on
Saturday when I went to my bar class
which was an hour long and the app only
tracked 30 active minutes m I also found
my heart rate readings were not very
accurate but it doesn't display that
here because I haven't had a control
like my Apple watch to compare I can't
really say how accurate the steps
portion of the app is but based on my
experience with both the sleep and the
active sections I doubt that these are
as close to Accurate as you would hope
especially for something that is
supposed to be giving you advice on your
health uh then going into my body
section it shows your activity again
whether or not you have logged workouts
your heart rate and spot check so spot
check essentially does a quick check on
your heart rate and your blood oxygen
levels I've had VAR experiences with
this particular portion in fact there
was a point where I had tried it once
and it said my blood oxygen level was
below 95% which is not healthy and was
indicating to me that I needed to go see
a doctor and then the second spot check
I did said that I was 100 100% so let's
try it again now and see what my reading
is this
time oh 99% yay it actually worked
fairly well this time the other thing I
noticed is that if it doesn't accurately
read it will prompt you to put the ring
between the tip of your thumb and your
pointer finger to to gather the pulse uh
and blood reading from your fingertips
instead and the other portion is the
menstrual cycle portion for a product
that is specifically aimed at Women's
Health I don't find it to be very
different from like the aura ring
tracking system for example or even
Apple cycle tracker you can log your
mood and symptoms but with a product
that I'm wearing constantly I don't want
to have to continually have to go back
to the app in order to input my energy
level my mood my menstrual flow uh my
symptoms Etc I didn't particularly go
super in depth with this portion of the
app as my particular goals were more
based around my activity and my sleep
but there are other alternatives to this
and I don't believe you need to buy a
ring in order to track accurately we
have Journal which is still this this
like period tracking portion and then
the goals but I don't really understand
why you need to pick three out of the
five goals like why can't you just do
all five I am particularly sensitive
about my heart health as I've talked
about in the past but because it wasn't
the top priority between the three it's
just not something that can be part of
my goals this is fun I actually haven't
seen a comparison between these two
product interfaces before uh my
experience with the EV app is that it's
incredibly simple to use but it's not as
accurate as I would hope for a product
that is based around health I I do want
to mention that a lot of people that I
have seen talking about the EV app
appreciate that it doesn't have these
arbitrary scores it feels like less
pressure uh instead you're setting goals
instead of trying to aim for specific
numbers well I guess when you're setting
goals you are still aiming for specific
numbers but do you find that is like you
didn't do this
well uh yeah sometimes I have a lot of
notifications turn off ah so while
comparing you can see that there's
definitely a difference in app quality
the Aura app has a $599 subscription
cost where the EV app is actually free
so as long as you purchase the ring you
can use
it
freely here we have a sidebyside
comparison with the Aura app and I'm
going to have Belle come and explain his
experience with the Ora app since I'm
not familiar yeah I've been using the
aura ring for quite a while like I want
to say it's been about a year and the
app is quite nice uh it gives you all
these numbers saying you know how well
you slept how hard you should go to the
gym today uh tracks your steps and
everything like that it definitely does
have a problem of like you were saying
uh earlier that you know you see this
and you kind of start to feel bad where
it's like man I did not do well
yesterday like that's great but it gives
you things like meditation and all this
kind of sites but if you don't pay the
like $6 a month you get almost nothing
so you have to buy the ring and
subscribe otherwise this app is almost
completely blank which is a big bummer
and the ring costs 300 to 500 how much
did you pay for yours well luckily I
work here at lus Texas so uh not that
but would I pay you know $300 to $500
and $6 a month I don't know I also wear
a smartwatch and though the battery life
is a big pain in the butt yeah it's a
huge asking cost unless you're really
diving into fitness and health which uh
I'm not across the board the ring cost
$269 USD and because the app is only
available in the US it will only ship to
the US but if you want one for yourself
you can't get one because they're
entirely sold out I do want to mention
that when we discussed doing this short
circuit I like to take a look at the
product Instagram Pages just to see what
their marketing looks like from a design
standpoint and how people are reacting
to the product in general and most of
the comments were very displeased with
their customer support and so once I
went back to it a few days ago I noticed
all of the comments were turned off that
alone would lead me to not want to
purchase a product like this because
customer support is so important when
you're spending a significant amount of
money on a product although the EV ring
presents a compelling concept and strong
messaging behind it akin to the medical
system when it comes to Women's
Healthcare it still has flaws and some
things to work out I do appreciate
companies looking further into Women's
Health but this product is just not
there
yet and for that reason I probably
wouldn't recommend it but using the
eveve ring however has led me to look
into to more Alternatives like the aura
ring because it does solve the issue
that I was having with my Apple watch so
hopefully I'll find something soon that
fits my needs it's just not
this thank you so much for watching if
you want to know more of my thoughts on
SmartWatches I'd recommend watching my
Apple Watch series 9 video